Using your private repository of face images, how can you search for a face using its face ID with AWS Rekognition to identify a person in a photo or video?

Using the SearchFaces operation to search for faces in a collection that match a supplied face ID that is returned in the IndexFaces operation response after detection.

Using the SearchFaces operation to search for a suplied face ID that is returned in the IndexFaces operation response after verification.

Using the IndexFaces operation to search for a suplied face ID that is returned in the SearchFaces operation response after verification.

Using the IndexFaces operation to search for faces in a collection that match a supplied face ID that is returned in the SearchFaces operation response after detection.


What makes AWS an easy to use platform?

The ability to access needed computing and storage resources backed by Amazon’s massive infrastructure.

The ability to receive a virtual environment that enables loading services that an application requires.

The ability to select an operating system, web application platform, and other services based on needs.

The ability to use the AWS console and web services APIs to access AWS’s application hosting platform.


What is the first step of the process of recognizing celebrities in a stored video using AWS Rekognition?
Analyzing a video by calling an Amazon Rekognition Video Start operation, such as StartPersonTracking.

Publishing the result of the analysis request to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic.

Using an AWS Lambda function to get the completion status of the video analysis request from the Amazon SNS topic.

Getting the video analysis request results by calling an Amazon Rekognition Get operation, such as GetPersonTracking.


What are the major steps of building an AI model on Amazon SageMaker?

Preparing the data, building the model, training the model, deploying and managing the model

Defining the goal, preparing the data, building the model, evaluating the algorithm

Defining the problem, collecting data, creating an algorithm, improving results

Collecting data, training the model, evaluating the algorithm, improving results


What does the DevOps engineering learning path at AWS include?

Setting up a version control system, deploying a sample cloud software, and creating a continuous delivery pipeline.

Setting up a version control system, deploying a sample web application, and creating an end-to-end pipeline.

Setting up a version control system, deploying a sample web application, and creating a continuous delivery pipeline.

Setting up a version control system, deploying a sample cloud software, and creating an end-to-end pipeline.


Select the correct process of labeling data with the SageMaker Ground Truth service:

    Create a labeling job using custom or built-in workflows.
    Labelers complete tasks with assistive labeling features.
    Input the data into Amazon S3.
    Choose from different groups of labelers.

3, 1, 4, 2

+4, 2, 3, 1

2, 3, 1, 4

1, 4, 2, 3


Fill in the blanks:

The AWS data administrator learning path includes learning how to migrate data from the source database to a (a) ________ database such as (b) ________.

(a) fully-managed , (b) Amazon EC2

(a) self-managed , (b) Amazon Aurora

(a) self-managed , (b) Amazon EC2

(a) fully-managed , (b) Amazon Aurora


Complete the following sentences:

Amazon Web Services (AWS) can be defined as a family of cloud-computing (a) ________ that allows users to rent out Amazon's servers instead of buying their own. AWS is a broadly adopted (b) ________, offering fully featured services from (c) ________ globally.

(a) solutions , (b) cloud application , (c) data lakes

(a) software , (b) cloud solution , (c) data connections

(a) platforms , (b) cloud software , (c) data servers

(a) applications , (b) cloud platform , (c) data centers


What does AWS provide in the hobbyist builder learning path?

Increasing the capabilities of a web application by seamlessly integrating it with other cloud solutions provided by Amazon cloud migration.

Expanding the capabilities of cloud services and features by seamlessly integrating them with other AWS applications and solutions.

Building a cloud software with Amazon pre-configured cloud bundles that contain needed cloud resources to manage a software on the cloud.

Deploying a web application with Amazon pre-configured application bundles that contain needed cloud resources to launch an application.


AWS provides users with a dynamic environment for using a software or a service for bases on the application requirements, which eases the migration process for existing applications while preserving options for building new solutions.

What does the above scenario stand for?

AWS cost efficiency

AWS reliability

AWS flexibility

AWS scalability


















